Enhance functions for operator-free environments like Supabase (#103)
cipherstash/encrypt-query-language: SUPABASE.md

# Supabase

## No operators, no problems

> Supabase does not support custom operators.

Reviewer: Link to GitHub issue tracking support for custom operators.

```suggestion
Supabase [does not currently support](https://github.com/supabase/supautils/issues/72) custom operators.
```

The EQL operator functions can be used in this situation.

> PostgreSQL operators are essentially an alias for the equivalent function, so the implementation and behaviour remains the same.

Reviewer: Be more specific about how EQL is structured 

```suggestion
In EQL, PostgreSQL operators are an alias for a function, so the implementation and behaviour remains the same across operators and functions.
```

| `>=`     | `eql_v1.gte(eql_v1_encrypted, eql_v1_encrypted)`   | `SELECT * FROM users WHERE eql_v1.gte(encrypted_email, $1)`<br>   |
| `~~`     | `eql_v1.like(eql_v1_encrypted, eql_v1_encrypted)`  | `SELECT * FROM users WHERE eql_v1.like(encrypted_email, $1)`<br>  |
| `~~*`    | `eql_v1.ilike(eql_v1_encrypted, eql_v1_encrypted)` | `SELECT * FROM users WHERE eql_v1.ilike(encrypted_email, $1)`<br> |
| `LIKE`   | `eql_v1.like(eql_v1_encrypted, eql_v1_encrypted)`  | `SELECT * FROM users WHERE eql_v1.like(encrypted_email, $1)`<br>  |
| `ILIKE`  | `eql_v1.ilike(eql_v1_encrypted, eql_v1_encrypted)` | `SELECT * FROM users WHERE eql_v1.ilike(encrypted_email, $1)`<br> |

### Example SQL Statements

#### Equality `=`

**Operator**
```
SELECT * FROM users WHERE encrypted_email = $1
```

**Function**
```
SELECT * FROM users WHERE eql_v1.eq(encrypted_email, $1)
```

#### Like & ILIKE `~~, ~~*`

**Operator**
```
SELECT * FROM users WHERE encrypted_email LIKE $1
```

**Function**
```
SELECT * FROM users WHERE eql_v1.like(encrypted_email, $1)
```

#### Case Sensitivity

The EQL `eql_v1.like` and `eql_v1.ilike` functions are equivalent.

> The behaviour of the "match" index term that is used by the encrypted `LIKE` operators is slightly different to default PostgreSQL. Case sensitivity is determined by the index term configuration. A match index term can be configured to enable case sensitive searches. The data is encrypted based on the configuration. The like operation is always the same, and the data is different. The different operators are kept to preserve the semantics of SQL statements in client applications.

Reviewer: Line per sentence, to improve maintainability.

Highlight technical terms.

Link to supporting documentation.

```suggestion
The behaviour of EQL's encrypted `LIKE` operators is slightly different to the behaviour of PostgreSQL's `LIKE` operator.
In EQL, the `LIKE` operator can be used on `match` indexes.
Case sensitivity is determined by the [index term configuration](./docs/reference/INDEX.md#options-for-match-indexes-opts) of `match` indexes.
A `match` index term can be configured to enable case sensitive searches with token filters (for example, `downcase` and `upcase`). 
The data is encrypted based on the index term configuration. 
The `LIKE` operation is always the same, even if the data is tokenised differently.
The different operators are kept to preserve the semantics of SQL statements in client applications.
```

Reviewer: Implemented in 60b848e93aadd5849e412f8c3edd57cb3e18967a, 26c73770702b64dc605504e78a80eeb0db4297b0, 4c4a0b17c5bbd622482f4bfad35efc0dc492d67b, 439f1cb6a062cb0c3155d00ebc0145ecb96c6b98.

> ### Order By

Reviewer: Highlight technical terms

```suggestion
### `ORDER BY`
```

> Ordering requires wrapping the ordered column in the `eql_v1.order_by` function.

Reviewer: Make it clearer that the following example demonstrates how to wrap the ordered column

```suggestion
Ordering requires wrapping the ordered column in the `eql_v1.order_by` function, like this:
```
